victoriametrics_app=true metric label for all resources (#2296)
VictoriaMetrics/operator: docs/CHANGELOG.md

* FEATURE: [vmalert](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/operator/resources/vmalert/): rule ConfigMaps now store gzip-compressed rule files in `binaryData`, allowing larger rule sets within Kubernetes object size limits. An init container decompresses the rules before VMAlert starts.
* FEATURE: [vmscrapeconfig](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/operator/resources/vmscrapeconfig/): add support for `consulAgentSDConfigs`, `dockerSDConfigs`, `dockerSwarmSDConfigs`, `marathonSDConfigs`, and `yandexCloudSDConfigs` service discovery types, bringing `VMScrapeConfig` to full parity with VictoriaMetrics [sd_configs](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/sd_configs/). See [#2265](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/operator/issues/2265).

> * FEATURE: [vmoperator](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/operator/): add `victoriametrics_app=true` label to all metrics scraped by the operator. See [#2261](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/operator/issues/2261).

Reviewer: let's preserve space between features and bugfixes

## [v0.71.0](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/operator/releases/tag/v0.71.0)
**Release date:** 12 June 2026

> **Update note 1**: This release contains a bug which causes the operator to stop emitting metrics on large number of tracked objects, see more details in [#8941](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/operator/pull/2284). We recommend skipping this operator release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Update note 1**: This release contains a bug which causes the operator to stop emitting metrics on large number of tracked objects, see more details in [#2280](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/operator/issues/2280). We recommend skipping this operator release.
```
